Adds VIP-llava to transformers (#27932)
huggingface/transformers: README.md

1. **[VAN](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/van)** (from Tsinghua University and Nankai University) released with the paper [Visual Attention Network](https://arxiv.org/abs/2202.09741) by Meng-Hao Guo, Cheng-Ze Lu, Zheng-Ning Liu, Ming-Ming Cheng, Shi-Min Hu.
1. **[VideoMAE](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/videomae)** (from Multimedia Computing Group, Nanjing University) released with the paper [VideoMAE: Masked Autoencoders are Data-Efficient Learners for Self-Supervised Video Pre-Training](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.12602) by Zhan Tong, Yibing Song, Jue Wang, Limin Wang.
1. **[ViLT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/vilt)** (from NAVER AI Lab/Kakao Enterprise/Kakao Brain) released with the paper [ViLT: Vision-and-Language Transformer Without Convolution or Region Supervision](https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.03334) by Wonjae Kim, Bokyung Son, Ildoo Kim.

> 1. **[VipVipLlava](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/model_doc/vipllava)** (from 1University of Wisconsin–Madison) released with the paper [Making Large Multimodal Models Understand Arbitrary Visual Prompts](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.00784) by Mu Cai, Haotian Liu, Siva Karthik Mustikovela, Gregory P. Meyer, Yuning Chai, Dennis Park, Yong Jae Lee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **[ViP-LLaVA](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/model_doc/vipllava)** (from University of Wisconsin–Madison) released with the paper [Making Large Multimodal Models Understand Arbitrary Visual Prompts](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.00784) by Mu Cai, Haotian Liu, Siva Karthik Mustikovela, Gregory P. Meyer, Yuning Chai, Dennis Park, Yong Jae Lee.
```
